Update docs to reflect newer Matlab integration (#709)
pupil-labs/pupil-docs: neon/real-time-api/track-your-experiment-in-matlab/index.md

axis square; grid minor;
ylim([0 max(fixperIm)+1]);
xlabel('Image'); ylabel(['Number of fixations', newline]);
title(['Fixations per image - Neon', newline]);
```

![Barplot in Matlab](./barplot-matlab-neon-cloud.png)

## Can I Run the Integration Alone?

Yes, nothing about the Neon-MATLAB integration depends on Psychtoolbox. Simply follow [the installation instructions](https://github.com/pupil-labs/pl-neon-matlab) and then, initiate a connection to the Neon Companion Device.

```matlab
device = Device();
```

The Neon-MATLAB integration mirrors [the Python implementation](https://docs.pupil-labs.com/neon/real-time-api/tutorials/), so many of the functions have the same name and signature. Check [the MATLAB examples](https://github.com/pupil-labs/pl-neon-matlab/tree/main/matlab/examples) to see other ways you can use it.

## Performance

:::tip

> All tested systems have passed a small stress test. For example, on a late 2013 Macbook Pro with Python 3.7 and MATLAB R2019a, the speed of the `receive_gaze_datum` function call was 0.0055 seconds on average (0.0038 seconds median), matching the speed of the Python implementation on modern systems.

Author: ```suggestion
The speed of the `receive_gaze_datum` function call has been measured to be 0.0055 seconds on average (0.0038 seconds median), matching the speed of the Python implementation on modern systems.
```
